## CS470 - Reflection
- For this project, we were given some starter code for a treasure hunt maze. The objective was to train an intelligent agent to solve the maze so that it could make it to the end and get the treasure. The end objective was for the intelligent agent to eventually be able to be trained to beat a human player to the end of the maze.
- We were given code for the treasure maze's game board, as well as some accessory methods for allowing the agent to move, as well as to get the current status of the game. We had to use these methods in order to create a deep q-learning / reinforcement learning algorithm to solve the problem. So we had to write code to train the agent to look at its current state on the board (the space where it currently was), look at all possible actions, and determine the optimal action to take to maximize its reward. The code we had to develop also relied on exploration vs. exploitation, and so it was programmed that 20% of the time the agent would explore, meaning not necessarily take the path with the highest reward but explore and potentially find a new, and more optimal way, and 80% of the time exploit the highest reward.
- I currently work as a full-stack developer, so I am normally developing web-apps and not doing any sort of data analytics or data science, so the field of AI is very interesting and different than what I am currently working on. The field of computer science is very vast, and does not only include software engineering but also things like machine learning, artifical intelligence, and data science/analytics among other areas. 
- What computer scientists do, at the heart, is use computer programming to solve complex problems. So, it's taking whatever tools we have, whether it's writing an application with a tech stack, or using python or another programming language to apply an algorithm to a data set to solve whatever problem is at hand. For this course, it was to use reinforcement learning to train an intelligent agent using python. It involves analyzing a problem, writing code, testing the code, doing research online, and slowly but incrementally developing a solution to that problem.
- Some ethical responsiblities that are important for the end user and organization are to make sure that they are safe and secure on the site that you are developing, or that you are minimizing and looking to eliminate as much bias as possible from whatever algorithm and neural network that you are using. As computer scientists, we are supposed to make sure that people are well-informed about what is happening with their data, how it is being collected/used, as well as making sure that they have a sense of safety through security protocols on the sites that they are using. 
